#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile dev.in
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
arrow==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
astroid==2.15.8
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   pylint
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-common
azure-storage-blob==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
azure-storage-common==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flask-babelex
    #   sphinx
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via tox
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flask
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
colour==0.1.5
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
coverage[toml]==6.5.0
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   coveralls
    #   pytest-cov
coveralls==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   azure-storage-common
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   email-validator
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   coveralls
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
email-validator==2.0.0.post2
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   pytest
filelock==3.12.2
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flake8==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
flask==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flask-babelex
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
flask-babelex==0.9.4
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
flask-mongoengine==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
flask-wtf==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flask-mongoengine
geoalchemy2==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
identify==2.5.24
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.7.0
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flask
    #   sphinx
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.11.5
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   pylint
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-babelex
    #   sphinx
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   astroid
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   types-wtforms
    #   wtforms
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mongoengine==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flask-mongoengine
mypy==1.4.1
    # via -r typing.txt
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   mypy
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   pre-commit
    #   pyright
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   shapely
    #   types-shapely
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   pallets-sphinx-themes
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
pallets-sphinx-themes==2.0.3
    # via -r docs.txt
peewee==3.17.6
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   wtf-peewee
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
platformdirs==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pre-commit==2.21.0
    # via -r dev.in
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
pylint==2.17.7
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   mongoengine
pyproject-api==1.5.3
    # via tox
pyright==1.1.370
    # via -r typing.txt
pytest==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   arrow
    #   azure-storage-common
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   babel
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via pre-commit
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   coveralls
    #   sphinx
shapely==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
speaklater==1.3
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flask-babelex
sphinx==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   pallets-sphinx-themes
    #   sphinxcontrib-log-cabinet
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-log-cabinet==1.0.1
    # via -r docs.txt
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.4.52
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   sqlalchemy-citext
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-citext==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   coverage
    #   mypy
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.5
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.8.0
    # via -r dev.in
types-boto==2.49.18.9
    # via -r typing.txt
types-click==7.1.8
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   types-flask
types-flask==1.1.6
    # via -r typing.txt
types-flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.9.4
    # via -r typing.txt
types-jinja2==2.11.9
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   types-flask
types-markupsafe==1.1.10
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   types-jinja2
types-peewee==3.17.0.0
    # via -r typing.txt
types-pillow==10.1.0.2
    # via -r typing.txt
types-shapely==2.0.0.20240714
    # via -r typing.txt
types-sqlalchemy==1.4.53.38
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   types-flask-sqlalchemy
types-werkzeug==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   types-flask
types-wtforms==3.1.0.2
    # via -r typing.txt
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   astroid
    #   mypy
    #   pylint
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.26.3
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   tox
werkzeug==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flask
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   astroid
wtf-peewee==3.0.5
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
wtforms==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r tests.in
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   flask-wtf
    #   wtf-peewee
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r docs.txt
    #   -r typing.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
